Prompt	Expected Event Name
how many potions should i buy from the potion seller	The Woman in Blue
do i transform a card or leave	Transmogrifier
Hello, do you think it would be better for me to upgrade a card or leave	Upgrade Shrine
do i refuse the vampires?	Vampires(?)
should i lose a potion, gold or give away shrug it off	We Meet Again!
what do i do at the winding halls	Winding Halls
So i'm really confused, i'm looking at some goop and i don't really know what to do. would it be better to take the gold or should i just cut my losses and lose the gold. what do you think	World of Goop
how do i deal with cleric	The Cleric
hi i only have 80 gold and i don't know if i should be 50 gold on the murderer or if i should bet 50 gold on the owner. if i bet it on the murderer i will only win 100 so i won't make as much money as if i bet on the owner who gives 250 gold	The Joust
upgrade 2 cards or leave	Shining Light
how many colorless cards should i take. I don't want to lose hp	Sensory Stone
how many times should i reach inside for a relic	Scrap Ooze
do i fight the spheres	Mysterious Sphere
Should i anger the mushrooms	Mushrooms
I am being attacked by some bandits. i have 20 hp so i'm worried i'll die if i fight them but i have 600 gold. do i pay them all my gold or fight.	Masked Bandits
remove transform or upgrade a card	Living Wall
DO I AGREE OR DISAGREE WITH THE SERPENT	The Ssssserpent
do i take regret or 50 gold	Golden Shrine
Should i lose shrug it off, strike, or corruption	Falling
transform 2 cards or get a relic	Augmenter
dead adventurer	Dead Adventurer
how come	None
cowardice or victory	The Colosseum
fdkasljk dsfds	None
blob or glob	None
jibberish	None
so i was working on my project and i wasn't really sure what i should do for it because i'm not really that passionate about anything. do you have any suggestions for what I could do for my project?	None
flex or rage	Card Selection
i want to upgrade a card should i upgrade pommel strike or shrug it off	Upgrade Card
remove a card or upgrade all strikes and defends	Ancient Writing
forge or rummage	Ominous Forge
Should i upgrade a card or get a relic and a curse	Ominous Forge
i don't know what to do at the forge. i really don't want to take a curse but i hear the relic is really good. what should i do?	Ominous Forge
rob or pay the vagrant for a relic	Pleading Vagrant
what should i do with the pleading vagrant	Pleading Vagrant
i don't want to get a curse but i don't have a ton of money either. should i pay the guy or rob him?	Pleading Vagrant
elegance or simplicity	Ancient Writing
is 75 gold to remove a card worht it?	Old Beggar
what should i do with the beggar	Old Beggar
banana donut or box	Big Fish
heal max hp or a relic	Big Fish
do i get a relic and become cursed? or heal	Big Fish
what kind of card should i give to the bonfire	Bonfire Spirits
spirits?	Bonfire Spirits
what to do at a colosseum?	The Colosseum
escape or fight a powerful fight	The Colosseum
obtain the book or leave	Cursed Tome
lose 15hp or leave	Cursed Tome
do i stop reading 	Cursed Tome
How many times do i search for loot	Dead Adventurer
upgrade remove or both	Designer In-Spire
adjustments or full service	Designer In-Spire
do i get jaxxed?	Augmenter
duplicator?	Duplicator
duplicate or leave	Duplicator
lose hp and gain 50 gold or get a face	Face Trader
leave or trade	Face Trader
touch trade or leave	Face Trader
what do i do if i am falling	Falling
gain 5 max hp or become cursed	Forgotten Altar
do i keep the golden idol or not	Forgotten Altar
hide smash or outrun	Golden Idol
lose max hp or take damage	Golden Idol
do i leave the idol behind?	Golden Idol
gain gold or remove a card	Wing Statue
pray or destroy	Wing Statue
